Add jupyterhub docker spawner plugin (#1)
RS-DAT/JupyterDockerSpawnerOnSRC: README.md

(SRC)](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/SURF+Research+Cloud).

The [JupyterHub Docker
Spawner](https://jupyterhub-dockerspawner.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) enables
JupyterHub to spawn single user notebook servers in Docker containers.

This document illustrates how to create a component, a catalog item and a
workspace on SRC.

## Create a component

Follow the [SRC Create a
component](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/Create+a+component)
instructions and in the step `Define component script and source`, set the
source as `https://github.com/RS-DAT/JupyterDockerSpawnerOnSRC.git`.

See each item below for more technical information about the component:

- [research-cloud-plugin.yml](./research-cloud-plugin.yml) for a list of
  packages that are installed.
- [jupyterhub_config.py.j2](./roles/jupyter/templates/research-cloud-plugin.yml)
  for a list of configs for jupyterhub and docker spawner.

## Create a catalog item

Follow the [SRC Create a catalog item](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/Create+a+catalog+item) and choose the components as below:

- SRC-OS
- SRC-CO
- SRC-Ngnix
- SRC-External plugin

> - `the JupyterDockerSpawnerOnSRC component `This is created in the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the JupyterDockerSpawnerOnSRC component created in the previous step
```

Note: When choosing the `Operating system` in the step `Cloud provider`, choose
Ubuntu 20, because the latest version of Ubuntu does not support `iRODS` that is
needed for `SRC-CO` component.

## Create a workspace

Follow the [SRC Start a simple workspace](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/Start+a+simple+workspace) and choose the item that is created in the previous step.

## Docker images and containers

The docker image can be set in the [jupyterhub config
file](./roles/jupyter/templates/jupyterhub_config.py.j2). After logging to
Jupyter server, the docker image is pulled and a container starts running.

> Meantime, the volumes `/data` and `/scratch` are mounted to the same folders

Reviewer: Correct me if I am wrong here:
```suggestion
The volumes `/data` and `/scratch` are mounted within the user home directory (`~/data` and `~/scratch`)
```

inside the container. If the user does not stop the server, the container

> continues running. Otherwise, the container will be stopped (Status Exited).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
continues running until a default timeout is reached (see Jupyter parameters [here](`./roles/jupyter/defaults/main.yml`)). Otherwise, the container will be stopped (Status Exited).
```

> Next time, the same container will be used. So, the data and packages are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next time the user login, the same container will be used. So, the data and packages are preserved across sessions.
```

> preserved. Note that, the container and images will be stayed on the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, the container and images will stay on the workspace.
```

Only when the Jupyter service is stopped, the containers will be removed.

### Remove images or containers

You can log in to the workspace using `ssh` and use docker command with `sudo`
to delete images/containers.

## Credits

> Most of the playbooks in this repository have been taken, inspired or adapted from the ones in the [RS-DAT JupyterDaskOnSRC](https://github.com/RS-DAT/JupyterDaskOnSRC).

Reviewer: Let's give credit to eWaterCycle as well :) 
```suggestion
Most of the playbooks in this repository have been taken, inspired or adapted from the ones in the [RS-DAT JupyterDaskOnSRC](https://github.com/RS-DAT/JupyterDaskOnSRC) and in the [eWaterCycle infra](https://github.com/eWaterCycle/infra).
```
